1. What difficulties did you run into writing the frequency analysis program? How did you resolve these problems?
    I had errors with IOException and how to handle errors. I tried to figure out how to catch errors, but was unsuccessful, so I just threw them again to the console by having all methods throw IOException if the ones that they called did as well. This isn't really an elegant solution, but it works.
2. How closely did the frequencies of letters in the plaintext and the ciphertext correspond? What could be done to improve the accuracy of the correspondence?
    In some cases, the frequencies were within a tenth of a percent of being correct. In order to make this more accurate, both the plaintext and ciphertext could have been longer. This would have allowed them to both show a better sample of how often each letter occurs in the english language and the ciphered version.
3. This assignment involved writing a program and then interpreting the results the old fashioned way. Propose an extension to this project that would allow the computer to do all the work so that you only have to evaluate whether the decoded message makes senses. You don’t need to actually write another program to do this, just consider how it could be done and clearly describe your solution in a well written paragraph. 
    A program could recieve the input of the frequencies of the letters. With this information, it could match the letters with their counterparts. This information would be stored in an array, where the position corresponded to the letter in the real alphabet, and a char or string at that position containing the corresponding letter in the cipher alphabet. This array would be read by a for loop that would write the new character to a file in place of the old one. However, in order for a program like this to work on it's own it would need a very large sample text and sample of ciphered text so that it could accurately find the corresponding letters. For that reason, doing this manually was the better choice in the scenario presented by the assignment.
    
Decoded Message: first i believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal before this decade is out of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth 